# Activating the environment
`source python/bin/activate`
This will enable the virtual environment for Python.

# Enabling python scripts on server.
Using the moodle-docker images, python and pip complain about being externally managed. 
To work around this `mv /usr/lib/python3.11/EXTERNALL-MANAGED /usr/lib/python3.11/EXTERNALL-MANAGED.old`

You *should* then be able to do a `pip install -r requirements.txt` from `local/ai/cli/python` to install the dependencies.

Note: however some dependencies didn't appear to install so a `pip install textract` was necessary.

# Asking for a response
`php chat.php -m="how long is the standard submission period for assessments?"`
This will attempt to get the AI to generate a response based on the RAG results it is provided.

# Generating multiple answers
 `for i in {1..10}; do php chat.php -m="how long is the standard submission period for assessments?"; done`

 This command line will run the "chat" script to perform a RAG based response 10 times.

 With the verification setting enabled this will output a set of files in the configured location

 Once finished the collate command `php collate.php -d=./verify` will iterate over the -d directory and parse the "answer.txt" file.

 The answer.txt file has the prompt on the first line, a blank line and then the response generated by the AI as the remainder of the file.

 Piping the results of the collate.php file into a .md file will provide a summary of the answers that were given for the same prompt.